you
you don't know what this is
Aztec
even God's placed on the gold
a terrible curse ten years research
every last piece we are found safe for
this welcome aboard
you safe where do we start
Jack Sparrow he talked about the
backbone make a deal with a beacon
leaders to forget your place blacksmith
if you spring me from this cell I shall
take you to the Black Pearl and your
bonny lass you're a pirate forgot one
very important thing mate I'm Captain
Jack Sparrow not sure I deserve you're
not facing normal pirate school real
demented vicious pirates to be certain a
cyber boy why but cruel demented vicious
pirates who cannot be killed the
moonlight shows us for what we really
are
that's interesting we accursed man I
hardly believe in ghost stories anymore
you best start believing in ghost
stories miss Turner you're in one
chantall remember Captain Jack Sparrow
super meanie don't pay if you like try
wearing a closet
they come
Pirates of the Caribbean
the curse of the Black Pearl